Document recommended setup and improve docs overall (#8510)
prettier/prettier: docs/install.md

title: Install
---

First, install Prettier locally:

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->
<!--npm-->

```bash
npm install --save-dev --save-exact prettier
```

<!--yarn-->

```bash
yarn add --dev --exact prettier
```

<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

Then, create an empty config file to let editors and other tooling know you are using Prettier:

```bash
echo "{}" > .prettierrc.json
```

Next, create a [.prettierignore](ignore.md) file to let the Prettier CLI and editors know which files to _not_ format. Here’s an example:

```
# Ignore artifacts:
build
coverage
```

> Tip! Base your .prettierignore on .gitignore and .eslintignore (if you have one).

> > Another tip! If your project isn’t ready to format, say, HTML files yet, add `*.html`.

Author: Does this help? I like being short.

title: Install
---

First, install Prettier locally:

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->
<!--npm-->

```bash
npm install --save-dev --save-exact prettier
```

<!--yarn-->

```bash
yarn add --dev --exact prettier
```

<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

Then, create an empty config file to let editors and other tooling know you are using Prettier:

```bash

> echo "{}" > .prettierrc.json

Reviewer: How about 

```bash
echo {}> .prettierrc.json
```

Can't quote the string on windows

Author: Huh, I thought double quotes worked on Windows?

Reviewer 2: Not with `echo`. `echo` sees and prints them.

Reviewer: With

```bash
echo "{}" > .prettierrc.json
```

The content will be 

```
"{}"<SPACE>
```

Reviewer 3: No repro on macOS Bash, Zsh, and Fish:

```shellsession
$ echo "{}" > foo.txt
$ cat foo.txt
{}
```

```

Next, create a [.prettierignore](ignore.md) file to let the Prettier CLI and editors know which files to _not_ format. Here’s an example:

```
# Ignore artifacts:
build
coverage
```

> Tip! Base your .prettierignore on .gitignore and .eslintignore (if you have one).

> Another tip! If your project isn’t ready to format, say, HTML files yet, add `*.html`.

Now, format all files with Prettier:

<!--DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->
<!--npm-->

```bash
npx prettier --write .
```

> What is that `npx` thing? `npx` ships with `npm` and lets you run locally installed tools. We’ll leave off the `npx` part for brevity throughout the rest of this file!
>

> > Note: If you forget to install Prettier first, `npx` will temporarily download the latest version. That’s not good for Prettier! It’s important to have a locked down version of Prettier in your package.json. And it’s faster, too!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
> Note: If you forget to install Prettier first, `npx` will temporarily download the latest version. That’s not a good idea when using Prettier, because we change how code is formatted in each release! It’s important to have a locked down version of Prettier in your package.json. And it’s faster, too.
```

<!--yarn-->

```bash
yarn prettier --write .
```

> What is `yarn` doing at the start? `yarn prettier` runs the locally installed version of Prettier. We’ll leave off the `yarn` part for brevity throughout the rest of this file!

<!--END_DOCUSAURUS_CODE_TABS-->

> `prettier --write .` is great for formatting everything, but for a big project it might take a little while. You may run `prettier --write app/` to format a certain directory, or `prettier --write app/components/Button.js` to format a certain files. Or `prettier --write "app/**/*.test.js"` to format all tests in a directory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`prettier --write .` is great for formatting everything, but for a big project it might take a little while. You may run `prettier --write app/` to format a certain directory, or `prettier --write app/components/Button.js` to format a certain file. Or use a more complex glob like `prettier --write "app/**/*.test.js"` to format all tests in a directory.
```

Explicitly saying this is a glob will help users search for docs on how to use globs more effectively since they’ll have a name to search for online.

If you have a CI setup, run the following as part of it to make sure that everyone runs Prettier. This avoids merge conflicts and other collaboration issues!

```bash
prettier --check .
```

`--check` is like `--write`, but only checks that files are already formatted, rather than overwriting them. `prettier --write` and `prettier --check` are the most common ways to run Prettier.

## Set up your editor

> Formatting from the command line is a good way to get started, but you get the most from Prettier by running it from your editor, either via a keyboard shortcut or on save. When a line has gotten so long while coding that it won’t fit your screen, just hit a key and watch it magically be wrapped into multiple lines. Or when you paste some code and the indentation gets all messed up, let Prettier fix it up for you without leaving your editor.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Formatting from the command line is a good way to get started, but you get the most from Prettier by running it from your editor, either via a keyboard shortcut or automatically whenever you save a file. When a line has gotten so long while coding that it won’t fit your screen, just hit a key and watch it magically be wrapped into multiple lines! Or when you paste some code and the indentation gets all messed up, let Prettier fix it up for you without leaving your editor.
```

title: Install
---

First, install Prettier locally:

```sh

> npm install --save-dev --save-exact prettier

Reviewer 2: Did you consider using [this feature](https://docusaurus.io/docs/en/doc-markdown#language-specific-code-tabs) of Docusaurus for Yarn commands.

Author: Didn’t know about that feature! Should we use it?

Reviewer 2: We could try.

Author: Added.

yarn add prettier --dev --exact
# or globally
yarn global add prettier
```sh
npm install --save-dev --save-exact prettier
```

_We're using `yarn` but you can use `npm` if you like:_
Then, create an empty config file to let editors and other tooling know you are using Prettier:

```bash
npm install --save-dev --save-exact prettier
# or globally
npm install --global prettier
```sh
echo "{}" > .prettierrc.json
```

Next, create a `.prettierignore` file to let the Prettier CLI and editors know which files to _not_ format:

```sh
# It’s usually good to start off from your
# .gitignore or .eslintignore, if you have one:
cp .gitignore .prettierignore
# or:
cp .eslintignore .prettierignore
# Then edit with your editor of choice:
vim .prettierignore
```

> We recommend pinning an exact version of prettier in your `package.json` as we introduce stylistic changes in patch releases.
For example, you might want to ignore `build/` and `coverage/`. And if your project isn’t ready to format, say, HTML files yet, add `*.html`.

If you use `npx` to run Prettier, the version should be pinned like this:
Now, format all files with Prettier:

```bash

> npx prettier@2.0.5 . --write

Reviewer 2: I added this part about `npx` when I found out that that's how some people run Prettier on CI without installing it as a dependency (no idea why they do that though). Would be good to keep this remark somewhere.

Author: “some people” – who?

Isn’t it better that we promote the “correct way” (adding it to "devDependencies" in package.json)?

Otherwise we’ll have to say something like “if you want to do it the wrong way, here’s a slightly less wrong way to do it”

Reviewer 2: Makes sense. By "some people" I meant those who complained that Prettier broke their CI when 2.0 was released, but now I haven't been able to find those complains. Probably it's indeed not that important.

Author: I added the “Note:” part here:

<img width="818" alt="Screenshot 2020-06-18 at 07 15 15" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2142817/84980895-8f122180-b133-11ea-8c9f-6460bfd12edf.png">

Reviewer 2: Nicely put. The tabs look good too. Might look even better without the top border.

Author: Removed borders and reduced padding:

<img width="806" alt="Screenshot 2020-06-27 at 11 43 43" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2142817/85919454-7d372980-b86b-11ea-80fb-3de19d69d6c7.png">
